ReadMe Review (#1353)
Particular/NServiceBus.Persistence.Sql: readme.md

# NServiceBus.SqlPersistence

> NServiceBus.SqlPersistence provides support for NServiceBus to persist to an Sql Database.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NServiceBus.SqlPersistence provides support for NServiceBus to persist in a Sql Database.
```
